The Buttons:

	Help:
	     Brings out this help screen.
	
	Quit:
	     Stops the game and closes the window.
	
	Start:
	     Loads the cards based on the users preferences in the checkboxes.
	
Red/Black Cards:
	If the Red Cards box is checked when the start button is pressed,
	the deck will contain red cards. If the Black Cards box is checked
	when the start button is pressed, the deck will contain black cards.
	If none are checked, the game will have black cards. If both are
	checked, the game will have a full deck and have twice as much time
	to memorize locations. (From 5 to 10 seconds)
	
How to Play:
	Once you click which cards you want from the checkboxes, you click
	start. This will load the cards face down. When you are ready to
	start memorizing, click on any card for them all to be flipped over.
	If you have half a deck, (At most one of the boxes checked) you will
	have 5 seconds to memorize card locations, if it is a full deck you
	will have 10 seconds. Once they are flipped back over, you click two
	cards that you think match. A match is 2 cards of the same color and
	having the same number. Once you flipped over 2 cards, you must then 
	click on any card for them to be flipped back over or disappear if 
	they were a match. The game is over when all the cards have been
	matched.
	
Score:
	If there is a mismatch, the highest valued card (10-King are worth 10)
	of the mismatch will be added to the score. So if you pick an Ace and
	a 5, the score will have 5 added to it. The object of the game is to
	have the lowest score possible.
	
Free Tries:
	A free try has the potential of keeping your score low. If a mismatch
	is made, the next free try is made. If the free try is the lowest
	card value, (or equal to the lowest card value) points will not be
	added to the score. If the free try is higher than a card value in
	the mismatch, it will be used and you will have score added. A free
	try is gained by making matches. If you match a pair of 5's and a
	pair of Jacks, your next free try will be 5, and once that is used
	up, the value of Jack (10) is the next free try. If the next free try
	value is 11, that means you do not have any current free tries.